<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Cognitive Services Account RAI Policy submodule

This submodule manages a single `Microsoft.CognitiveServices/accounts/raiPolicies` resource (Responsible AI content moderation policy) under a parent Cognitive Services / AI Services account.

It is consumed automatically by the parent module via `var.rai_policies`, and can also be consumed directly when finer-grained control over RAI policy lifecycle is required.

> [!NOTE]
> Per the AVM specification [TFRMNFR1](https://azure.github.io/Azure-Verified-Modules/spec/TFRMNFR1), this submodule deploys exactly one RAI policy per instance. Use `for_each` / `count` on the parent `module` call to manage multiple policies.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.5)

- <a name="requirement_modtm"></a> [modtm](#requirement\_modtm) (~> 0.3)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (>= 3.5.0, < 4.0)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [modtm_telemetry.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/modtm/latest/docs/resources/telemetry) (resource)
- [random_uuid.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)
- [azapi_client_config.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [modtm_module_source.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/modtm/latest/docs/data-sources/module_source) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_base_policy_name"></a> [base\_policy\_name](#input\_base\_policy\_name)

Description: (Required) The name of the base policy.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_mode"></a> [mode](#input\_mode)

Description: (Required) RAI policy mode. The enum value mapping is `Default`, `Deferred`, `Blocking`, `Asynchronous_filter`. Use `Asynchronous_filter` for API versions after 2024-10-01.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: (Required) The name of the RAI policy. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_parent_id"></a> [parent\_id](#input\_parent\_id)

Description: (Required) The resource ID of the parent Cognitive Services / AI Services account that owns this RAI policy.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_content_filters"></a> [content\_filters](#input\_content\_filters)

Description: `content_filters` block supports the following:
- `name`               - (Required) Name of ContentFilter.
- `enabled`            - (Required) If the ContentFilter is enabled.
- `severity_threshold` - (Required) Level at which content is filtered. Possible values are `Low`, `Medium`, `High`.
- `blocking`           - (Required) If blocking would occur.
- `source`             - (Required) Content source to apply the Content Filters. Possible values are `Prompt`, `Completion`.

Type:

```hcl
list(object({
    blocking           = bool
    enabled            = bool
    name               = string
    severity_threshold = string
    source             = string
  }))
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_custom_block_lists"></a> [custom\_block\_lists](#input\_custom\_block\_lists)

Description: `custom_block_lists` block supports the following:
- `source`          - (Required) Content source to apply the Custom Block Lists. Possible values are `Prompt`, `Completion`.
- `block_list_name` - (Required) Name of ContentFilter.
- `blocking`        - (Required) If blocking would occur.

Type:

```hcl
list(object({
    source          = string
    block_list_name = string
    blocking        = bool
  }))
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the submodule.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_retry"></a> [retry](#input\_retry)

Description: Retry configuration applied to the `azapi_resource` managed by this submodule. Defaults to `null` (no custom retry).

- `error_message_regex`  - (Optional) A list of regex patterns matching error messages that trigger a retry.
- `interval_seconds`     - (Optional) Initial interval between retries in seconds.
- `max_interval_seconds` - (Optional) Maximum interval between retries in seconds.
- `multiplier`           - (Optional) The multiplier applied to the retry interval after each attempt.
- `randomization_factor` - (Optional) The randomization factor applied to the retry interval.

See <https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource#retry> for full semantics.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    error_message_regex  = optional(list(string))
    interval_seconds     = optional(number)
    max_interval_seconds = optional(number)
    multiplier           = optional(number)
    randomization_factor = optional(number)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#input\_timeouts)

Description: Per-operation timeouts for the RAI policy resource. Defaults to `null` (provider defaults). Each value is a Go duration string (e.g. `30m`, `1h`).

Type:

```hcl
object({
    create = optional(string)
    delete = optional(string)
    read   = optional(string)
    update = optional(string)
  })
```

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the RAI policy.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the RAI policy.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry by setting `enable_telemetry = false` when calling this submodule.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->